as we know this sorted array is rotated
That is it will have two sorted sub arrays
Now the algorithm to sort this efficiently is first
We have to find the pivot element which marks
the beginning of the second sub array
Then we have to determine which of these two sub
arrays can hold our search element and finally do a
binary
search on it that is find the pivot
element first
In the previous problem we have discussed the logic to
find the pivot element let us use it here
Element 20 is the pivot element
Hence pivot will point index three
Now let us find out with sub array can contain
our search element
If we're given Element is between array of start an
array of pivot minus one then the search element
can be present only in the first half
Else we can search in the second half here
Our search element is 25 25 is not greater than
array of 0 60
Hence it cannot be present in the first sub
Let a search for Element 25 in second sub array
starting from index three till Index six mid will be
three plus six divided by two
that is four and in array of four we have
25 our search element thus we can return index 4.